adding terraform for deploying armada (#1)
armadaproject/armada-deployment: README.md

# Armada Infrastructure

## Terraform modules

> Follow the [terraform docs](https://github.com/dejanzele/armada-infra/tree/master/terraform) for more info.

Author: ```suggestion
Follow the [terraform docs](terraform/README.md) for more info.
```
